Scout Summer Camp 2016

Seven days away from parents, camping with friends and leaders, lots fo activities and a huge amount of fun.

Going on camp is a big part of being a Scout, it gives young people the chance to spend time with others their own age, develop skills, try new things and most of all have a bit of fun. Every year during the May half term holiday, 1st Stratton Scouts try to go camping as a troop. This year we picked Downe to be the location of our week long summer camp and we wern't let down by what they had to offer.

Downe Scout Activity Center is a stunning 86-acre wooded site in rural Kent, only 16 mile from London. We choose to combine the best of the onsite activities; orrienteering, archery and arieal treck with self led sessions focused on key scouting skills which included fire lighting, spoon carving and bread making. Throw in a trip to London and the local swimming pool and you have got yourself a camp.

The weather was not the best we have had on one of our camps, lots of the wet stuff ment that our campsite got very muddy very quickly. Boots we a nessesity to move about if you wanted to keep your feet dry. This didnt stop us making the most of exploring the woods, mastering 

will ahve to cook for themselves, master essential camp skills, take part in a wide rnage of activities and learn to work as a team

Camp is never an easy ride as there is always a job that needs doing, wood to gather for the fire, water to collect from the tap, food to cook and billies to bash. All of these rely on everyone working together as a team, something that at the start of the week wasn't the best but by the end of camp everyone had mastered.

In all we had a great week under canvas, camping in the middle of the forest away from the husle of modern life, no tv, no computers, no phones with just each other for company. The best thing about camps like this are the memories that are made, the stories we will tell and the frieds we ahve made. What will next year have in store.



By the end of the week everyone was knackered,
Lots of rain which ment lots of mud.



 